a long time since we've sat and talked I
was thinking today coming over here the
last time I saw you in person was our
last game here in Philadelphia New York
employ her foot and I knew I was doomed
that day when Arthur went to you after
the game instead of me I said this could
be it and I don't think I've seen you in
person since I haven't no no what's
changed how have you changed change the
lactose yeah you know it's just uh you
know responsible person develop me you
know I changed a lot in my life you know
a lot of times we talked and you gave me
a bike some things that I needed to do
but I didn't listen at the time like you
were listening to me but then I can walk
you out and I'd say did you hear what I
just said I had too many outside
influences coach you know too many
outside influences and too many people
in my head how hard is it for you to cut
some of those influences out of your
life that we're with you from childhood
come over I tried to get to you under
the circumstances no tumor was a harder
on you know because everything
transpired and things took place on how
it went down no same thing year in a
year it's not my plan on the fielders
off the field outside of going 3gen
tired of it good good do you remember
when we talked right before you at the
prison I called you from Seattle yes
yeah and I said exactly what I was
sitting in my house and I said they
can't say I said Mike I said why didn't
you just come clean I mean this is a
forgiving nation why don't you say yeah
I fought dogs yeah living my life
you know just my whole life was Elijah
from everything but hey how did you just
know what to talk like got involved when
I was young you know and uh you know my
first in the league you know met a guy
who I hadn't seen in a long time always
had a lot of dogs and meat I think that
one thing late so nothing now you got a
whole farm you got some land and no more
going on Wednesdays you know you leave
sometimes I'm wearing movies and you
tell me you're going to see your family
so my whole life was a lie always had
your back there and I always really
thought you were a really good person
that maybe just made some poor decisions
yeah but when we parted ways you know I
went through a little phase where it was
like dude he conned me
yeah totally understands I'm gonna come
to work with a match so yeah it was me
deep down inside but it was the other
demons that I had when I left you know I
was into everything so we're just the
dogs I mean you know you there's well
documented instances okay okay Rolex
watch with your guys yeah won't your
security at atm so my the water block
the water bottle there was other things
did you ever just go oh my do what I did
what at the same time I was thinking hey
man I might be but his worst thing
that's gonna happen
do you remember telling me you know Jim
I never realized how big I was yeah
I never realized how big the icon arise
and I just don't pay attention to it
there's other things you're like yeah
just stole from that concentration yeah
no I think about it a lot coach house
you know those suffers in some aspects
and I didn't dedicate myself I didn't
listen and this young but I can't put
hundred percent of the blame on me being
you know young because I was 25 26 is
over there you know so you own of the
make ration this is you know for
yourself I was you know when you go home
in Atlanta like twelve cars yeah or your
jeweler would be they are here you know
all these guys home do your fiance and
your your kids seem like you're more of
a man the big difference legs just sings
you know dress and I when I said in in
prison in Leavenworth for not sneaking
like you know how do I one day in my
life moving forward how do I wanted same
as him then what can I do better this
time around
what could I have done how's your head
coach we were pretty close what can I
can I done something too
did I miss something there's nothing you
can do yeah
the best thing for me that ever happened
to me in my life and to this point and I
crazy it may sound was me getting
shipped off the candidates me because I
think that I was I wasn't gonna change I
was gonna change I wasn't gonna get all
the people away from me that was leeches
and wanted to be around what's gonna
stop fighting the dogs and at some point
in that somebody could have got hurt you
know so it was pointless you know my mom
tried to tell
and when hand out the other Souls
nothing nobody could have done to change
my situation but the man upstairs who
was seen and they said listen before
this go any further might take all this
away from you for a while and you gonna
have to get your priorities in order but
you have to sit over there to get it
done and that's what happened